MILESTONE 1

Name: WHAT’S THE DISH?

Target Audience:

Our target audience is individuals that entertain guests, specifically the home cook. This
includes audiences such as parents and grandparents cooking for families and guests, as 
well as individuals, perhaps younger, who entertain crowds of friends. The most important 
thing is that the guests who our users invite are varied in their dietary restrictions. This
concern is relevant because people are increasingly restricting their diets as more research 
suggests that such restrictions are necessary to peoples health and dietary trends race 
through the internet.

Problem Solved:

Due the increasing amount and presence of dietary restrictions/dietary lifestyles (i.e. vegan, 
paleo, gluten-free, vegetarian) those who entertain guests need a solution to find recipes 
which cater the everyone they invite by searching for one recipe that works within many 
different diets.

How it Meets Requirements:

Create: Users will create an account that allows on which they can upload recipes as well as
search through our entire database.

Read: Our server will have a collection of recipes each connected to a particular user as well
as the dietary restrictions that apply to it. This is what can be read by client side.

Update: Each of these recipes can be accessed and changed by the user who created it.

Delete: Users can also delete their recipes from the server.

Recipes contain: Name of the recipe, picture of the meal, recipe itself, dietary restrictions in the form of tags, username of the user who submitted the recipe

How is it unique??
It is in the vein of sites like Pinterest and Soundcloud where users upload pictures and music, respectively. However, this site is unique because it is the first repository that pertains specifically to recipes and dietary restrictions. We think that this website is culturally relevant to the times because a) dietary restrictions/lifestyles are becoming more common and more varied and b) there is an increasing demand among consumers for “organic” and “artisan” foods. In conclusion there is a need for users to able to share and find the people’s home-cooked recipes rather than having to fall back on restaurants, and we would like to create the
kind of platform where that can happen

